apps/docs/src/content/index.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
    While Sigle is in testnet, everything is subject to change. This documentation is a work in progress.
</Callout>

# What is Sigle?

Sigle is a secured and open-source writing platform for web3 content creators, NFT projects, crypto analysts and more.

## How it works

On Sigle, each published post is its own NFT collection, offering readers a way to own and support writers' work. When creating a post, writers decide its collection parameters: make it free or set a price in Bitcoin, choose between a limited edition that creates scarcity or keep it open for unlimited collecting. Each time someone collects a post using sBTC, the payment automatically splits between the creator, curators who help discover and promote quality content, and the protocol to sustain the platform's development.

## Testnet

Sigle is currently in a public testnet, anyone can create posts, collect them and use the SDK and API to integrate or interact with the protocol.

You can find the testnet at [testnet.sigle.io](https://testnet.sigle.io).

Commit message:

docs: add note to get faucet token

apps/docs/src/content/index.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
    While Sigle is in testnet, everything is subject to change. This documentation is a work in progress.
</Callout>

# What is Sigle?

Sigle is a secured and open-source writing platform for web3 content creators, NFT projects, crypto analysts and more.

## How it works

On Sigle, each published post is its own NFT collection, offering readers a way to own and support writers' work. When creating a post, writers decide its collection parameters: make it free or set a price in Bitcoin, choose between a limited edition that creates scarcity or keep it open for unlimited collecting. Each time someone collects a post using sBTC, the payment automatically splits between the creator, curators who help discover and promote quality content, and the protocol to sustain the platform's development.

## Testnet

Sigle is currently in a public testnet, anyone can create posts, collect them and use the SDK and API to integrate or interact with the protocol. To interact with the protocol, you will need STX to pay for gas fees and sBTC in order to collect posts. You can request some testnet STX and sBTC from the [testnet Hiro faucet](https://platform.hiro.so/faucet) (note: you will need to create an account to request funds).

You can find the testnet at [testnet.sigle.io](https://testnet.sigle.io).
